# WIRED WG meeting VTC 
## Date:  Tuesday, October 25, 2016
## Participants: 
- Brian Herndon (chair), Suzanne Remillard (notes), Mary Downs, Nick Outin, Corinna Gries, Jason Downing


## Purpose/Agenda  
First VTC meeting of WIRED working group to identify our scope and set the stage for our goals and tasks. We have two missions; one is to help identify all the broken links and missing information at the current sites and the other is to deal with the structure and content of the current sites and decide what should reside where.

## Notes
- note taker: Suzanne Remillard

Working Group Name (by Brian): The IM **W**ebsite **I**mprovement & **RED***isgn Group

WIRED Google Drive:
https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/0B3xT0TaiQmt0TkVVd2hISHBMYk0?usp=sharing

LNCO web design is not moving fast.  The search has failed twice, there’s still an announcement out there.  There is an RFP out, but need a developer on board.  Scope has been reduced, so hopefully, this will enable a better match for a candidate.  Looking for independent vendor to help with lower level web development to put together the right tools, modules and applications to put together.  They might not be able to choose these tools, but can put things together.

Mark, Nich and Marty discussing updating IM website.  Need to move over to 6 to 7 (Drupal).  May move site to a sandbox to see what breaks and doesn’t work.  If IM’s can identify what’s important.

We should bring everything over and then redesign.  Drupal 7 or 8?  Need to go into steps, so must go through 7 to 8.

EDI and NTL use Drupal.  The IM website could probably stay in Drupal 7 because it is very basic.

Databits – very valuable information. How do we keep this information and how do we move forward.  These have been cited.  They need to be moved forward and archived.  The new form may be a blog.  There are a lot of broken links that need to be identified.

May be best to move to Drupal 7 before running at site map to find broken links (LNCO).

What is our approach?
Get Drupal 7, move old IM website to new site.  Start with a blank template or move old website?
IM stuff should go on LTER IM website.
Training stuff could go on ESIP website.
Can we get the same domain?

Should the IM website be a part of the larger LTER website?  Marty thinks it should be a part for education and outreach.  However, this may make links break.

LNCO will move whole website to 7.  They will decide a timeline.  Then we can begin to take website a part.

Need to develop a framework for web content should go.

Categories of content that exist, where they could possibly go, what kinds of things go to these other places?  Final documents could go to EDI or ESIP.

EDI will support working groups where materials can be collected, trainings (could go to ESIP).
What would not go to EDI are site profiles, LTER IMC meetings, VWC notes.
Some projects and resources could move and some could stay.

Maybe one or two people could go through each section.  If we do this in google docs, everyone can review.

Need to also review the intranet2.lternet.edu website.  There are a lot of broken links.
IM document archive should remain.  Marty may think about a different system, but plans to keep it.

Will EDI website have any branding for content that comes from various organizations?  Yes, everything should show credit.

IMC, LTER archive, LTER active, EDI, something else (like ESIP), misc.

##Next meeting: Tuesday, November 29th 12 pm PST/ 3 pm EST

