# WIRED WG meeting VTC
## Date:  Thursday, July 12, 2018
## Participants: 
- Present: Suzanne Remillard (notes), Marty Downs, Margaret O’Brien
- Regrets: Brian Herndon (stepped down as chair). Jason Downing

### Purpose:  
Marty provided a proposed content disposition document on 6/26/2018
(https://docs.google.com/document/d/16gaeq-mjjndHvOnYcjZEJB_8YYwe5N1zMnX7ucSMznc/edit). 
Suzanne and Margaret have made comments.  The purpose of this meeting is to discuss 
the parts that are not agreed upon and come up with a proposal to bring to 
the annual IMC meeting.


## Notes
- note taker: Suzanne Remillard

Suzanne has concern about using how the meeting notes (specifically, IM-Exec and VWC) 
and some other IMC administrative webpages (roles and membership) will be handled.

Margaret suggested that LTER\Github would be a perfect place for those types of documents.  She gave a demonstration of various Github repositories and how they use various types of documents and information.  Suzanne agreed that this seemed like a reasonable approach.
Many IMC wg already have git repos, git already has has user mgt, and can ve viewed as 
web pages. it makes sense to add WG meeting notes and docs to the project space.

Marty thinks that the working groups (WG) could have pages like the synthesis 
WG on the main LTER website (https://lternet.edu/working-groups/).  
These sould be relatively simple descriptons; and active WG should choose where 
they want to work (Git, Google Docs, Trello, 
Waffle, etc.).  There should be a pointer from WG page to their working documents.

### Tagging for search (on lternet.edu): 
Current LTER Document Archive contains 27 pages of tags.  This should be reduced.  
Can we start with IM docs and group/tag to help create organization. Document archive 
also includes document types, which relate to the actual archive headings.  It would be 
nice to group the IM docs a bit more.  Can this be done with appropriate tagging?


Marty talked about the document archive they inherited and how cumbersome it was in 
terms of tags.  We discussed some options of how to approach paring down tags, 
items and assigning document types.  For information management items, we discussed 
how we might approach sorting this out.  


### IM website sections to be archived:
We will need help from people that were on projects (WG) in the past to help migrate 
information.  We will create a list of things to do: name, participants, time period, 
abstract/context, final report, zip or concatenate docs from old website, if needed.


At annual IMC, we need to recruit more people into the WG to help evaluate and migrate 
content.


Planning to meet again before annual IMC.  

### Note added later: 
Gastil says this WG is on the agenda for an update at the August water cooler.
So that should be a target date for action itmes,

## Action items

- Share meeting notes:
(this doc, Suzanne)
- allow this group to admin the LTER org on github
- set up a template for IMC working groups (Margaret)
- start the repo for this working gorup, (Margaret)
  - invite Suzanne, Marty 
  - add these notes, docs from Marty (LInks below)

## Misc

See email (not google doc) from Marty on 3/3/2018
(https://docs.google.com/document/d/1hQcfDe4N0vxtWSPvoY1TynOrNr3QxVFQjxxbB91Lnh4/edit) 
that talks about the LTER Github.  Marty listed the current administrators and proposed 
a means to administer the LTER\Github. 


Marty provided a google sheet with the document types from the LTER web site 
and the number of documents assigned to each as a starting place for our retagging 
and categorizing:
https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/10zEsx12MlgSjjhU9ojfuzTCg3jzIPmWm_KYDFINsS8Y/edit?usp=sharing

the doctypes spreadsheet is also in this repo, under [practices/NCO](/practices/NCO)
